feat(timeseries-preview): add component for timeseries preview (#489)
cognitedata/gearbox.js: src/components/TimeseriesPreview/stories/full.md

# Timeseries Preview

<!-- STORY -->

#### Description:

> Component displays data related to provided `timeseriesId` with latest datapoint available. Latest datapoint is refreshing constantly with interval provided via `updateInterval` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component displays data related to provided `timeseriesId` with latest datapoint available. Latest datapoint value is updated with interval provided via `updateInterval` prop.
```

##### Optionals:

| Property                  | Description                                                                                                | Type                                                         | Default                  |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ |
| `color`                   | Rendered as a background color for the left side of the component                                          | `string`                                                     | `#6c65ee`                |
| `dateFormat`              | Defines [date format](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/) to be applied on datapoint timestamp | `string`                                                     | `DD MMM YYYY - HH:mm:ss` |
| `updateInterval`          | Refresh latest datapoint interval in ms                                                                    | `number`                                                     | `5000`                   |

> | `valueToDisplay`          | Datapoint that renders instead of latest datapoint. Pause fetching latest datapoint if provided            | `GetDoubleDatapoint \| GetStringDatapoint`                   |                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `valueToDisplay`          | Datapoint to be rendered instead of latest datapoint. Pause fetching latest datapoint if provided            | `GetDoubleDatapoint \| GetStringDatapoint`                   |                          |
```

| `dropdown`                | Configuration, that describes dropdown menu to be rendered                                                 | `TimeseriesPreviewMenuConfig`                                |                          |

> | `retrieveTimeseries`      | Function that can be used for replacing embedded timeseries fetching logic                                 | `FetchTimeserieCall`                                         |                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retrieveTimeseries`      | Function that can be used to replace embedded timeseries fetching logic                                 | `FetchTimeserieCall`                                         |                          |
```

> | `retrieveLatestDatapoint` | Function that can be used for replacing embedded latest datapoint fetching                                 | `FetchLatestDatapointCall`                                   |                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retrieveLatestDatapoint` | Function that can be used to replace embedded latest datapoint fetching                                 | `FetchLatestDatapointCall`                                   |                          |
```
